README.md, before:

# CS-AWARE NEXT: CS-CONNECT

1. [cs-connect](https://github.com/CS-AWARE-NEXT/cs-aware-next-cs-connect/tree/main/cs-connect) which enables the object-oriented collaboration mechanism with support for the hyperlinking system.
1. [cs-faker-data-provider](https://github.com/CS-AWARE-NEXT/cs-aware-next-cs-connect/tree/main/cs-faker-data-provider) a web server that provides fake data using the RESTful protocol.

# Install
- Build the packages by following the steps for each project.
- Execute the command: `sudo ./start.sh` to clean the compose and run mattermost and cs-connect with the data provider.

# System architecture overview
![architecture](https://github.com/CS-AWARE-NEXT/cs-aware-next-cs-connect/raw/main/assets/architecture_overview.png)

# Develop
Run in `cs-connect` directory:

```sh
$ sudo docker build -t cs-connect-base -f docker/dev.Dockerfile .
```

Run in `cs-faker-data-provider` directory:

```sh
$ sudo ./build.sh
```

Build and deploy:

```sh
$ sudo ./make.sh -b -p
```

Deploy:

```sh
$ sudo ./make.sh -p
```

Commit message:

docs: added basic CONTRIBUTING.md guidelines docs: cleaned up README dev environment setup to match reality docs: removed sudo prefix from README commands (assuming the developer's docker setup has the docker usergroup correctly set up as it should be) fix: cs-connect dev.Dockerfile adjusted to copy the cs-connect folder (needed to build the plugin), use the correct npm version and have an entrypoint to be able to actually keep the container running fix: match cs-connect Dockerfile matterpoll tar filename with the one residing in the repository fix: disable no-console lint in cs-connect to ignore already existing console logs

README.md, after:

# CS-AWARE NEXT: CS-CONNECT

1. [cs-connect](https://github.com/CS-AWARE-NEXT/cs-aware-next-cs-connect/tree/main/cs-connect) which enables the object-oriented collaboration mechanism with support for the hyperlinking system.
1. [cs-faker-data-provider](https://github.com/CS-AWARE-NEXT/cs-aware-next-cs-connect/tree/main/cs-faker-data-provider) a web server that provides fake data using the RESTful protocol.

# Install
- Build the packages by following the steps for each project.
- Execute the command: `./start.sh` to clean the compose and run mattermost and cs-connect with the data provider.

# System architecture overview
![architecture](https://github.com/CS-AWARE-NEXT/cs-aware-next-cs-connect/raw/main/assets/architecture_overview.png)

# Develop
Run in `cs-connect` directory:

```sh
$ docker build -t cs-connect-base -f docker/dev.Dockerfile .
```

Run in `cs-faker-data-provider` directory:

```sh
$ ./build.sh
```

Build and deploy (change the config file as needed by choosing from the existing files in cs-connect/config):

```sh
$ ./make.sh -b -p config.local.yml
```

Deploy (change the config file as needed by choosing from the existing files in cs-connect/config):

```sh
$ ./make.sh -p config.local.yml
```
